Mr. Lu, do you believe what Miss Mu said?
Mr. Lu is Miss Wen
Xiaonuan
How's it going?
No big deal.
Just a little scared
But he's had process surgery before.
The body is severely depleted
Have to make up for it
It's none of your business. Get out
Warm I heard
Is it true that the tire has been chopped?
Yes
chopped
Investigate the matter of warm abortion
I asked you to investigate warm abortion records
You don't understand
Mr. Lu
I've checked all the obstetrics and gynecology departments in the city
outpatient clinic
But no record of Miss Wen's order was found.
He is just a servant of the Mu family
His abortion record is so long
One day I want results.
Who are you? Relax.
I'm a cautious friend.
Baiyan, I am a doctor.
Lu Caution
Don't you remember?
You pass out on the road.
It was Lu Caution who saved you
What? My mom's jumping off a building?
I'll be right there
What do you want?
You are still weak
Can't get out of bed